/* font-family: 'Bree Serif', serif;
font-family: 'Lilita One', sans-serif;
font-family: 'Lobster', sans-serif;
font-family: 'Lobster Two', sans-serif;
font-family: 'Poppins', sans-serif; */
/* “In large states public education will always be mediocre, for the same reason that in large kitchens the cooking is usually bad.”

Friedrich Nietzsche

<!-- It is a truth universally acknowledged that.. education sculpts the pillars of a functional society, forming a direct link with it’s many aspects. A corrupt education system becomes a root cause of all the problems arising in a state, including health, gender equality, economic growth, and even the safety of its inhabitants. */ -->
<!-- It is a truth universally acknowledged that.. education sculpts the pillars of a functional society, forming a direct link with it’s many aspects. A corrupt education system becomes a root cause of all the problems arising in a state, including health, gender equality, economic growth, and even the safety of its inhabitants.

Thus, Nietzsche was right and his quote resonates perfectly with the conditions of big cities in Pakistan including Lahore and Gujranwala, which face the dilemma of being infrastructurally strong with weak foundations. -->


<!-- Who are we?

Thus, taking into account the importance of education, our group, consisting of 8 Amal Fellows, felt the need to contribute our bit for this cause. We recognize that we may not be able to bring a revolutionary change in the system, but to change even a single person’s life gives us hope to push ourselves for it. For this purpose, we took the initiative to start a project called “Fiqr-e-Nau”. The term conceptualized by our Amal Fellow Hadi Nadeem, taking inspiration from a Urdu literature novel of similar name, means a new and deep thought or comprehension of today.
 -->
 The concept behind Fiqr-e-Nau

 We aim to address the above-mentioned problems of educational inequality by holding training sessions and workshops on the topics that are not normally taught to children in our schools and at home. Our designed mag book called ‘What they don’t teach you in the classroom’ incorporates multiple topics, in easy language that can be understood by little children, in the form of stories and DIY activities.
 
 “I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.” _ Mark Twain
 
 We also want to address the challenge of resources by providing basic school stationary to these children, who cannot afford it otherwise or whose families live hand to mouth to provide it for them.


 “I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.” _ Mark Twain
                
                We also want to address the challenge of resources by providing basic school stationary to these children, who cannot afford it otherwise or whose families live hand to mouth to provide it for them..

                We are a group of passionate individuals considering it our duty to contribute as individuals for community welfare. We aim to collect donations (in form of money, books, clothes etc) from the privileged class so we can easily provide them to the destitute.









                We are a group of passionate individuals considering it our duty to contribute as individuals for community welfare. We aim to collect donations (in form of money, books, clothes etc) from the privileged class so we can easily provide them to the destitute.